Building for other devices.md, before:

We are glad that you're looking into this! If you've compiled before, you won't really need to have a look into this. However, let's do this:
Pre reqs -
follow this guide http://forum.xda-developers.com/chef-central/android/guide-android-rom-development-t2814763
Thanks jack

Open Linux terminal

Make a directory for OrionOS. This folder will contain the whole source code. The ~/ is to make the folder in home:

mkdir ~/orion

Enter into the folder:

cd orion

Initiate the Orion repo. this will set up repo tool :

repo init -u git://github.com/TeamOrion/platform_manifest.git -b mm6.0

To add device specifics, do the following:

cd .repo && mkdir local_manifests
nano .repo/local_manifests/roomservice.xml

Add your device tree, kernel source, proprietory vendor and whatever you want to add/remove. Look at the existing local_manifest in the Documentation for a general idea.

Sync the project:

repo sync -j#
For exp. repo sync -j16

Make device tree compatible with orion. Have a look at other Orion device trees to get some idea.

Time to compile! 
Check the script orion.sh in the main directory

Compile using - 

./orion.sh -[s][f][r][c][p][d] [device name]
 s = sync | f= force sync | r=repair sync
 c = clean 
 d = default (dirty)
 p = clear prebuilt chromium
 
the zip will be ready for you in out/target/product/<device>

Good luck! May the source be with you!

Commit message:

add uber config
Change-Id: I63d3d8801e9b5dad1b278587de364d7b6fee6321

Building for other devices.md, after:

We are glad that you're looking into this! If you've compiled before, you won't really need to have a look into this. However, let's do this:
Pre reqs -
follow this guide http://forum.xda-developers.com/chef-central/android/guide-android-rom-development-t2814763
Thanks jack

Open Linux terminal

Make a directory for OrionOS. This folder will contain the whole source code. The ~/ is to make the folder in home:

mkdir ~/orion

Enter into the folder:

cd orion

Initiate the Orion repo. this will set up repo tool :

repo init -u git://github.com/TeamOrion/platform_manifest.git -b mm6.0

To add device specifics, do the following:

cd .repo && mkdir local_manifests
nano .repo/local_manifests/roomservice.xml

Add your device tree, kernel source, proprietory vendor and whatever you want to add/remove. Look at the existing local_manifest in the Documentation for a general idea.

Sync the project:

repo sync -j#
For exp. repo sync -j16

Make device tree compatible with orion. Have a look at other Orion device trees to get some idea.

Time to compile! 
Check the script orion.sh in the main directory

Using uber TC
Add the following lines to BoardConfig.mk  in device tree - 
#Kernel Toolchain
KERNEL_TOOLCHAIN := $(ANDROID_BUILD_TOP)/prebuilts/gcc/$(HOST_OS)-x86/arm/arm-eabi-5.3-uber/bin
KERNEL_TOOLCHAIN_PREFIX := arm-eabi-

# Rom Toolchain
TARGET_GCC_VERSION_EXP := 5.3-uber

Add a -uber suffix to the toolchain folders in prebuilts/gcc
Compile using - 

./orion.sh -[s][f][r][c][p][d] [device name]
 s = sync | f= force sync | r=repair sync
 c = clean 
 d = default (dirty)
 p = clear prebuilt chromium
 
the zip will be ready for you in out/target/product/<device>

Good luck! May the source be with you!
